hi guys I'm Shmi and here we're taking a
look at the new BMW m4 convertible I've
already shown you around the car talked
a little bit about it and showing you
the roof in action but now we're going
to take a look on the inside and play
with some of the navigation and systems
and settings that are available to us so
we've got the key in the hand here but
it is a keyless car so we put that back
in the pocket of course lightly touch on
the inside of the handle and it unlocks
just pull it open the interior spec of
this particular car which is finished in
silver - stone silver on the outside is
very nice the white leather of the seats
contrasting with the black and the
carbon fiber trim around the car but
let's jump in and have a look hopping in
the car
I'll start the ignition so first off the
brake and hit the start button so we get
to see the screens and settings that are
available to us so just a quick look
around obviously mirrors and window
controls lights on the left light stalk
they're got the dials we've got the fuel
cap the fuel gauge left speedometer a
rev counter and the oil gauge on the
right we've got this nice display at the
bottom which shows you which the sort of
settings you're in or we use your bits
in the centre left but it's a digital
display rather than just light which is
very nice on the steering wheel here at
the left we've got the M 1 and M 2
buttons those are pretty cool instant
access to your favorite settings cruise
control and your normal
audio and phone commands media aircon
cupholders storage pocket at the back
there nice m gearstick
I like this very small but nice to use
here we've got some hot keys obviously
traction off
we've got dynamic response suspension
and steering settings Park button to
tell the cameras and recycles us up
through our sports efficient sorry
efficient men's sport than Sport Plus
modes so I just hit the parking button
you'll see the display which is a very
nice high-res unit turns on first oops
or I press it once do many turns on
first to the rear parking sensors press
one button and you've got the camera up
with the guidelines and obstacle alerts
it's a little bit more looking around
like this carbon fiber trim here got the
new system of course where you can write
an inputs where you're going I've got
the armrest we've got our ipod and media
in this one rest slides forwards
backwards seats are very solid and
sturdy and comfortable exactly how they
should be for a good Drive and you've
got room in the back for some other
folks as well to drive open tops it's
the lights commands of course the
difference of the m4 convertible of
course this button for opening and
closing the roof showed you that in the
other video so check that out but now I
just want to show you quickly through
some of the stuff that's available to us
in here and it was pointing air vents
down a little bit so if we go down to
settings we have the M Drive 1 & 2 so
those settings that we've got in here
relates to these buses these instant hot
access to your mode so you've got you
know traction the dynamic response
suspension steering
here you got dynamic shifting so the the
speed and how regulate will make gear
shifts and then here the head-up display
what you're seeing whether it's the
default view which you can see right now
possibly just the speeder and the M view
where if I now pull it into m1 you've
got that whole rev counter across the
front which I think's pretty cool I like
that a lot
I'll put that back in default view so
you can configure m1 m2 exactly how you
want them and obviously you've got all
the other settings and stuff in here you
could ever want on this car quick glance
down the nav I quite like it's a very
big high res display you can make it you
go to the right split screen as well so
you can have information about where you
are your directions everything you
expect if we just try and input an
address this is actually the first time
I've done this so I'm learning a bit as
I go you can see we've got a variety of
settings here we're going to guidance
enter new destination to go through
those menus I'm just literally turning
this so we'll enter address and
Street I don't know a street I wanted to
go to but I will literally just write on
here see you can see it coming up here
by then right
Hey look it went a bit crazy she's me
I was writing just to show you what it
does and it's obviously not recognizing
what I'm writing because these letters
mean absolutely nothing so we'll ignore
that but it works very well quick test
with it and it's cool if I go through
then we head back to the main menu here
also got the radio pretty
self-explanatory
telephone likewise contacts you can
actually write notes with the touchpad
as well which I quite like because you
can if you think about it you can write
here with your finger without actually
looking at what you're doing whereas if
it was on the screen you have to look at
where you're scrolling - nice little
compass in the rear view mirror that's a
nice little touch - but I think the M
Drive settings are all pretty cool now
just look at this little section here
where we've got efficient sports and
Sport Plus feature the different
settings this is where you cycle through
them with the OneTouch presses of these
so you can see here putting the dynamic
response through the modes suspension
through the modes steering - Sport Plus
sport + Sport Plus you can imagine that
everything is going to firm up quite
significantly
we're in an M car after all so it's
going to be quite a ride but I think
that's enough playing time for me to
head off for a little Drive I'm liking
this car quite a lot so far though so
make sure you check out those other
videos that I mentioned check out going
putting roof down and talking about the
car bit and some impressions going for
the first drive yeah here we are the
interior of the BMW m4 convertible thank
you very much for watching I'll catch up
with you very soon Cheers
and also the Porsche 918 spyder
can turn it on you're immediately in a
mode